Feudal System

Players can start out as barons (owners of cities or castles)
They can upgrade their status by spending gold and become a Duke, which would rule over more things (gains direct control over buildings)

This is a zombie defense map, with actual back and forth between the player and the zombies. Players may temporarily lose towns and may pay a fee to rebuild them before the next wave.

Hordes of Zombies come at night. During the day, you will have sparse amounts of zombies wandering around, but the day time is mostly time for the player to regroup and recover.

Players will have supplies provided each wave. Supplies will be maybe in the form of a cart or pack horse that provides a limited amount of healing to the player's units. 
Players can upgrade their supply amounts.  
Or players can upgrade their units armor and weapons or unlock new unit's armor and weapons. These choices need to be big decisions for the player when they should upgrade each. Upgrading the wrong thing at the wrong time can be troublesome and increase
the difficulty of the wave. 

Supply routes may also be attacked by zombies. Also small towns are capturable by zombies. These smaller towns, mostly existing to bolster player supplies, may be captured to increase zombie strength. the players must contend which resources are most important to defend and at which times. I guess the player has to decide where they place their troops, as misplacing their troops can cost them valuable time. Once a town is captured , it cannot be recaptured until the next night/day. So it makes it 
more important to choose which ought to be defended. 

I guess the capture of towns/forts will gradually increase the power of players.

Maybe some towns can be neutral until purchased by the player or brought under the control of their realm. Being neutral means the player's wont get supplies, however the zombies can still attack these neutral towns and bolster their forces.

Depending on whether zombies capture towns or forts will determine which units may be added to zombie spawns or how many zombies will be added. 

Players can also build outlooks that can provide them with vision(intel) so they can better prepare or when the battle starts, they can react faster!

Towns - Some towns will provide supplies, some will provide gold. Maybe players can upgrade towns they do have, but it's better to have more towns rather than upgraded towns, so its more like a compromise if you don't think you can defend towns further away.
Some towns should also provide unique upgrades, like fire attack/defend or flaming arrows. Which makes some towns more valuable to defend. Players should have to choose which towns they let fall. 


What kind of terrain will there be?
There should be forests, mountains, rivers, lakes, valleys. Some areas of the map will provide defensive strategic benefits. Probably mountains. 

What is the basic gameplay loop?
Players prepare their forces and survive 

What units can they build?

What are the available heroes?

What items can they buy?
 -  scroll of speed?, some kind of tar traps to slow the advancement of zombies. 


What upgrades can they get?

What kind of enemies will there be?

Will there be random events? YESSSSS
Some good, some bad. Nothing that can break the game though

What are the win and loss conditions?

What are the important choices for players to make?





<!-- # wc3-ts-template
 An easy to use template to get you started coding in TypeScript for Warcraft III maps.

Setup Guide: [Getting Started](https://cipherxof.github.io/w3ts/docs/getting-started).

## Features
* TypeScript API and wrappers for most handles ([w3ts](https://github.com/cipherxof/w3ts))
* Support for object data manipulation (read/write) ([war3-objectdata](https://github.com/cipherxof/war3-objectdata))
* Evalute code at compile-time and embed the results into your map. ([war3-transformer](https://github.com/cipherxof/war3-transformer))
* Build w3x archives from your project's map folder.
* Work on your map in the World Editor while also coding in TypeScript.
* Automatically create definitions for global variables generated by the World Editor such as regions, cameras, or preplaced units.
* Works on Windows and Mac OS out of the box and with a couple modifications it works on Linux as well. -->
